These eml files are sample spam emails to test your installation of FuzzyOCR.

Use spamassassin -t < samplefile.eml to test :)

ATTENTION: If FuzzyOcr does not trigger on one of the messages, then make sure you have the focr_autodisable_score set high enough.
Otherwise, if a message gets enough hits by SA, FuzzyOcr will not scan it. This is generally depending on your other SA rules.


ocr-gif.eml: Contains a corrupted gif image, additionally I changed the content-type to jpeg, so the output should show:

 1.5 FUZZY_OCR_WRONG_CTYPE  BODY: Mail contains an image with wrong
                            content-type set
                            Image has format "GIF" but content-type is
                            "image/jpeg"
 2.5 FUZZY_OCR_CORRUPT_IMG  BODY: Mail contains a corrupted image
                            Corrupt image: GIF-LIB error: Image is
                            defective, decoding aborted.
 8.8 FUZZY_OCR              BODY: Mail contains an image with common spam text inside
                            Words found:
                            "target" in 1 lines
                            "service" in 1 lines
                            "stock" in 2 lines
                            "price" in 2 lines
                            "company" in 1 lines
                            "recommendation" in 1 lines
                            (12 word occurrences found)

ocr-animated.eml: Contains an animated gif. If all deanimation routines are working properly on your system, the output should contain:

 6.5 FUZZY_OCR              BODY: Mail contains an image with common spam text inside
                            Words found:
                            "price" in 1 lines
                            "company" in 1 lines
                            "alert" in 1 lines
                            "news" in 1 lines

ocr-obfuscated.eml: Contains an obfuscated gif image, to test the ocrad-decolorize scansets. If you want to test this scanset, either set the minimal_scanset option to 0 or put the decolorize scanset temporarily at the beginning of the scansets file. The output should be:

 5.9 FUZZY_OCR              BODY: Mail contains an image with common spam text inside
                            Words found:
                            "target" in 1 lines
                            "profit" in 1 lines
                            "trade" in 1 lines
                            (4.5 word occurrences found)


ocr-jpg.eml: Contains a jpeg file. Output should show:

 5.9 FUZZY_OCR              BODY: Mail contains an image with common spam text inside
                            Words found:
                            "levitra" in 1 lines
                            "viagra" in 2 lines
                            (4.5 word occurrences found)


ocr-png.eml: Contains a png file. Output should show:

  14 FUZZY_OCR              BODY: Mail contains an image with common spam text inside
                            Words found:
                            "buy" in 1 lines
                            "target" in 2 lines
                            "service" in 1 lines
                            "stock" in 1 lines
                            "investor" in 1 lines
                            "price" in 3 lines
                            "company" in 2 lines
                            "trade" in 1 lines
                            "software" in 1 lines
                            "recommendation" in 1 lines
                            "news" in 3 lines
                            (25.5 word occurrences found)
